1. Install the given list of softwares. (I'll provide the available setups in zip file).
2. Use the given IDs to login. (Use your own where not given). 
3. Connect VPN (singapore).
4. Run Bluestack, run App player in it and open settings, goto advance tab, enable Andriod Debug Bridge and Input debugging buttons. 
5. Open tiktok and login with given credentials. (Remember to always use VPN connected).
6. Once these both setup are done. Place the "Platform tool" and "Cmdline-tool" folders in your C: drive. (I'll share the folders).
7. Open appium desktop server, appium inspector and vscode (Open provided folder).
8. Open terminal in vscode and run following commands step by step. 
	-.venv/Scripts/activate (it activates the virtual environment. Try to run every time you open a new terminal)
	-adb devices (Expected output: List of devices attached  emulator-5554   device)
	-adb shell getprop ro.build.version.release (It will give you the device version "9")
	-adb shell getprop ro.product.device (It will give you the platform name)
9. Open a new terminal in vscode. Run this command:
	-appium (it will give you the urls to set up appium server i.e. " http://127.0.0.1:4723/ ")
10. In appium server app, Place the "Host" and "Port" accordingly and hit the "start server" button.
11. Once server is running, goto appium inspector app, set the "Remote host", "Remote Port".
	In remote path, set: "/wd/hub" (default for appium server)
12. Then in JSON representation in appium inspector, set these values and save it. 
{
    "platformName": "Android",
    "platformVersion": "9",  // Replace with Bluestack version
    "deviceName": "emulator-5554",  // Replace with your Bluestack device name
    "appPackage": "com.zhiliaoapp.musically",  // TikTok app package
    "appActivity": "com.ss.android.ugc.aweme.main.MainActivity",  // TikTok main activity
    "automationName": "UiAutomator2"
}

save this in JSON representation. Hit the Start Srssion button. (It will setup the inspector with appium server, bluestack and tiktok).


13. I have done this work till now. After this, use appium Inspector to Navigate to tiktok shop feature and find element IDs,etc.
14. Locate the buttons, search bar and other required content. 
15. Use GPT or Claude to write a python script to automate the bot using this upper defined setup. 
16. Using the scripts in vscode. Create a bot for automating the add_to_cart feature for given item when it is available in stock.
17. Also add a Notification feature to notify the user when item is added to cart. 
18. When creating the bot, keep in mind to handle user verification captchas.
19. Test the scripts with multiple products. 
20. Once all done, make it a desktop app so that user can let it running on it's PC.


***CONSIDER USING GPT or CLAUDE IF STUCK ON ANY SITUATION, or CONTACT ME***

Challenges to Address
Dynamic Selectors:
	Use Appium Inspector (in Appium Desktop) to identify UI elements if XPath or IDs change.
Error Handling:
	Wrap critical actions in try-except blocks to handle unexpected UI issues.
VPN Stability:
	Ensure the VPN connection remains active to avoid region lock issues.